Kyorin University offers undergraduate and graduate schools on the intelligent Hachioji campus
Beneath it announced to be transferred to the campus to be established in Mitaka City
What is the purpose of the relocation? How is Hachioji's students and the local community accepting the relocation?
Is not it
The new campus was about 700 meters north of Mitaka Campus
It will be built in this vacant land
The new campus of Kyorin University will be opened in April 2016
Three undergraduate and graduate schools of Hachioji campus will be relocated
Total project cost is approximately 20 billion yen
A total of 4,000 students and faculty members will move to him from Hachioji
Following the reason for the relocation, the other three presidents are separated from the campus, and the cooperation of education is sufficient
Explain that it had not been peeled off, and in the future, medical and literary students will deepen exchanges
I told you that you want learning to expand
In addition, Hachioji campus takes about 30 minutes by bus from Hachioji station, and it is painful for students
It is that the voice for the convenience was rising
The reaction of the students who heard the relocation and the local Hachioji city
It's a little lonely I'm getting close
Maybe it's too early in the first hour it's been good and it's too hot in the morning
It only it is I'm inconvenient
Other than that, if I can do it on the campus at all for four years , I will spend it here on campus
I wanted to contribute to the community
Very that doing it is very because there with the clinical to Fu there was Korare sorry
We also considered primarily
Hachioji campus is leaving such as a transparent ground
It is that building is utilized in seminar camp and research activity
Continued c is cooperation with the local community at the university
We want to contribute to town development on the new campus